#labels Phase-Design,Featured,Phase-Implementation,Phase-Requirements
Our primary goal of this project is to create a simple yet functional database editor

Using the .NET framework we will be able to quickly develop our program to do what we need. We will be trying to implement the following features (detailed explaination of features are further below).

* Features:
<list>Database editing
Multiple editing
Database transfers
Easy editing
Auto-Complete
Easy information</list>

* Detailed:

<b>Database editing</b> will allow users to edit items ranging from players, quests, to items with little to no effort or knowledge. This is the end result goal of the project.

<b>Multiple editing</b> will allow users to edit unlimited instances such as editing 3 characters at once or whatever else. We hope this will prevent the need to switch around a lot.

<b>Database transfers</b> will allow users to move changes from one database to another easily, for instances when you develop on one server and want to easily push changes to your live server.

<b>Easy editing</b> will allow users to edit object information without using techinal information such as flags. This will most likely take form of clicking an editing area and another box shows the options that can go here.

<b>Auto-Complete</b> will allow users to start to type in one thing then have it auto completed. This will be one of our final features, and we aren't sure if we want to push it.

<b>Easy information<b> will allow users to see information on database fields that are normally simply numbers such as spells in the character's spell field. It will replace the number with the name and also allow players to see what the spell does and detailed information. You will be able to change the version of the data simply by selecting an update feature that will scan your current installation for information.

More features may be added or removed over the course of development.